tips idea (#315)
w3c/wai-curricula: content/index.md

* **Include the reasons for accessibility features** &mdash; Include the *why*, not just the *how*. For example, students should know why to provide alternative text, not just how to. When students understand the reasons behind accessibility features and how people with disabilities use them, then students can implement more effective accessibility.
* **Cover all disabilities** &mdash; Avoid inadvertently prioritizing some types of disabilities over others. For guidance on cross-disability aspects, see [How People with Disabilities Use the Web](/people-use-web).

> * **Approach accessibility holistically** &mdash; Explain that the goal is not just to pass a checklist; the goal is to improve the user experience of people with disabilities. Help students understand the broad benefits of accessibility, including for users without disabilities. For examples, see [Media, User Experiences and Benefits to Organizations](/media/av/users-orgs/) and [Web Accessibility Perspectives Videos](/perspective-videos/). Explain how accessibility is related to usability and inclusive design. See [Accessibility, Usability, and Inclusion](/fundamentals/accessibility-usability-inclusion/).

Reviewer: Three suggestions below.

```suggestion
* **Approach accessibility holistically** &mdash; Explain that accessibility is not just about passing a checklist; accessibility is about improving the user experience of people with disabilities. Help students understand the broader benefits of accessibility, including for users without disabilities. For examples, see [Media, User Experiences and Benefits to Organizations](/media/av/users-orgs/) and [Web Accessibility Perspectives Videos](/perspective-videos/). Explain how accessibility relates to usability and inclusive design. See [Accessibility, Usability, and Inclusion](/fundamentals/accessibility-usability-inclusion/).
```

- Changed 'the goal' to 'accessibility is about'. I think this more directly communicates what we are talking about: what accessibility is about.
- Broad -> broader. It seems to me "broader" emphasizes more that the benefits we want to point out here go beyond the assumed benefits that accessibility has for people with disabilities. Maybe this comparative can introduce the 'including for users without disabilities' clause.
- 'Accessibility is related' -> 'accessibility relates" making that sentence more active.

Author: fine with me!
